Dataset patches extraction (#12)
laradru/ai-palatal-rugoscopy: README.md

- OUTPUT_DIRECTORY: Path to the output directory, where the model will be saved.
- BATCH_SIZE: Size of training and validation batches. Default 16.
- EPOCHS: Number of epochs. Default 50.

> - LEARNING_RATE: Learning rate. Default 0.001.
> - SEED: A seed for reproducibility. Default 2183648025.
> - preprocess: Whether apply preprocessing algoritms (hardcoded in the train script for now).
> - augment: Whether augment data using Albumentations (check src/dataset/augmentations.py for more details).
> - gpu: Whether use GPU, otherwise CPU.

Reviewer: nit:

```suggestion
- LEARNING_RATE: Learning rate. Defaults to 0.001.
- SEED: A seed for reproducibility. Defaults to 2183648025.
- preprocess: Whether to apply preprocessing algorithms (hard-coded in the train script for now).
- augment: Whether to augment data using Albumentations (check `src/dataset/augmentations.py` for more details).
- gpu: Whether to use GPU, otherwise CPU.
```
